examples/user-workload/README.md: Detail user workload monitoring flow (#830)
openshift/cluster-monitoring-operator: examples/user-workload/README.md

# Enable user workload monitoring

> Admin has to first enable user workload monitoring via the main cluster-monitoring `ConfigMap``:

Reviewer: `ConfigMap`` -> `ConfigMap`

Author: Thanks, vim hides `` from :D

```
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: cluster-monitoring-config
  namespace: openshift-monitoring
data:
  config.yaml: |
    enableUserWorkload: true
```

> `ConfigMap` called `user-workload-monitoring-config` in the `openshift-user-workload-monitoring` namespace can then be used to configure the user workload monitoring stack by anyone with Role called `user-workload-monitoring-config-edit`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ConfigMap` called `user-workload-monitoring-config` in the `openshift-user-workload-monitoring` namespace can then be used to configure the user workload monitoring stack. A user who's granted the `user-workload-monitoring-config-edit` role in the `openshift-user-workload-monitoring` namespace gets full permissions on this ConfigMap.
```

Author: done, PTAL
